README.md, before:

# Fluence Collective 🚀

**Fluence Collective** strives to be a community-curated repository of tools, integrations, templates and best practices projects built around [Fluence's](https://fluence.network) protocol and decentralized cloud infrastructure.  

THe goal of this repo is to help developers and community members to easily discover and share projects that enrich the Fluence ecosystem.

## 📚 Community Projects
-  [Fluence API Wrapper](https://github.com/boneyard93501/api-wrapper): A Python wrapper for [Fluence API](https://api.fluence.dev/swagger-ui/) to programmatically manage Fluence VMs.

## 🚀 How to Contribute

Contributing your project is easy and encouraged!

1. Fork this repository.
2. Edit the *Community Project* section above to add your project with a brief description. Please maintain alphabetical order.
3. Submit a pull request!

Example entry:

- [Fluence VM Explorer](https://github.com/yourname/fluence-vm-explorer): A lightweight tool for monitoring and visualizing Fluence VMs.

Commit message:

Add Fluence Go client and Terraform provider

README.md, after:

# Fluence Collective 🚀

**Fluence Collective** strives to be a community-curated repository of tools, integrations, templates and best practices projects built around [Fluence's](https://fluence.network) protocol and decentralized cloud infrastructure.  

THe goal of this repo is to help developers and community members to easily discover and share projects that enrich the Fluence ecosystem.

## 📚 Community Projects
-  [Fluence API Wrapper](https://github.com/boneyard93501/api-wrapper): A Python wrapper for [Fluence API](https://api.fluence.dev/swagger-ui/) to programmatically manage Fluence VMs.
-  [Fluence Go Client](https://github.com/decentralized-infrastructure/fluence-api-client-go): A Go client for Fluence API to programatically manage Fluence SSH keys, VMs, and get marketplace information.
-  [Fluence Terraform Provider](https://github.com/decentralized-infrastructure/terraform-provider-fluence): A Terraform provider for provisioning and managing Fluence resources.

## 🚀 How to Contribute

Contributing your project is easy and encouraged!

1. Fork this repository.
2. Edit the *Community Project* section above to add your project with a brief description. Please maintain alphabetical order.
3. Submit a pull request!

Example entry:

- [Fluence VM Explorer](https://github.com/yourname/fluence-vm-explorer): A lightweight tool for monitoring and visualizing Fluence VMs.
